BD-3318-5 Apply Diataxis standards to Liquid documentation (#8219)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/using_liquid.md

Hi Valued User, thanks for using the App!
```

## Supported values to substitute

The following values can be substituted into a message, depending on their availability:

- [Basic user information][1] (for example, `first_name`, `last_name`, `email_address`)
- [Custom attributes][2]
    - [Nested custom attributes][3]
- [Custom event properties][11]
- [Most recently used device information][39]
- [Target device information][40]

You can also pull content directly from a web server through Braze [Connected Content][9].

{% alert important %}

> Braze currently supports Liquid up to and including **Liquid 5 from Shopify**.

Reviewer: What's the context of this being bolded?

> Braze currently supports Liquid up to and including **Liquid 5 from Shopify**.

Author: ```suggestion
Braze currently supports Liquid up to and including Liquid 5 from Shopify.
```

{% endalert %}

## Using Liquid

> After you know the [Liquid tags available][1], using Liquid can elevate the personalization in your messages to impressive heights. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [Liquid tags][1], you can elevate the quality of your messages by enriching them with a personal touch. 
```

Reviewer: I wanted to be more specific here, but don't feel strongly about my rewrite. Feel free to fiddle with this.

If you use Liquid in your email messages, be sure to:

1. Insert it using the HTML editor as opposed to the classic editor. The classic editor may parse the Liquid as plaintext. For example, the Liquid would parse as {% raw %}`Hi {{ ${first_name} }}, thanks for using our service!`{% endraw %} instead of templating in the user's first name.
2. Place Liquid code within the `<body>` tag only. Placing it outside this tag may cause inconsistent rendering upon delivery.

{% endalert %}

{% raw %}

### Inserting pre-formatted variables

You can insert pre-formatted variables with defaults through the **Add Personalization** modal located on the top-right of any templated text field.

![The Add Personalization modal that appears after selecting insert personalization. The modal has fields for personalization type, attribute, optional default value, and displays a preview of the Liquid syntax][44]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

The modal will insert Liquid with your specified default value at the point that your cursor was. The insertion point is also specified by the preview box, which has the before and after text. If a block of text is highlighted, the highlighted text will be replaced.

> ![A GIF of the Add Personalization modal that shows the user insertting "fellow traveler" as a default value, and the modal replacing the highlighted text "name" in the composer with the Liquid snippet.][45]

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the alt text! 👍

{% raw %}
Some operations in Liquid require you to store the value you want to manipulate as a variable. This is often the case if your Liquid statement includes multiple attributes, event properties, or filters.

For example, let's say you want to add two custom data integers together. You can't use:

```liquid
{{custom_attribute.${one}}} | plus: {{custom_attribute.${two}}}
```

> This Liquid doesn't work because you can't reference multiple attributes in one line; you need to assign a variable to at least one of these values before the math functions take place. Adding two custom attributes would require two lines of Liquid: one to assign the custom attribute to a variable, and one to perform the addition.

Reviewer: For additional support, what do you think of giving this the header "Bad Liquid" and then adding a positive example and saying "Good Liquid" (or similar)?

"Bad" and "Good" are bad names for the header, but just proposing the idea of marking one as "do not copy" and one as "actually, it should look like this."
